add en upgrade from standard to platinum (#2015)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/install/evolve.md

# Upgrade Standard Package to Platinum Package

DCE 5.0 supports multiple versions, and all versions except the Community Edition are commercial editions. This article demonstrates how to upgrade from the Standard Edition to the Platinum Edition.

![Modules](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/dce-modules04.jpg)

## Prerequisites

- You need to have a cluster environment of DCE 5.0, refer to [Offline Deployment of Commercial Edition](commercial/start-install.md)
- Ensure that your bootstrap machine is still alive, and the corresponding offline package of the current environment is still available. Otherwise, you need to redownload it.

## Steps

### Step 1: Configure the manifest.yaml file

> Open the components in the manifest.yaml file that are disabled and enable them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the values of `enable` fields in the `manifest.yaml` from `false` to `true`.
```
